---
title: Pacific Park Plans Infographic
subtitle: Tracking affordable housing progress at the Brooklyn megadevelopmont
date: 2023-05-01 00:00:00
description: Using I.
featured_image: demo.jpg
accent_color: '#4C60E6'
gallery_images:
  - demo.jpg
  - demo.jpg
  - demo.jpg
---
For Atlantic Yards/Pacific Park Report, August 2017 – Present

This [living infographic](https://atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com/2017/08/atlantic-yardspacific-park-graphic.html) is an ongoing collaboration between myself and Norman Oder, a veteran journalist and New York City tour guide. It summarizes the present status and future of the mega-development, which aims to bring 4,500 rental units to the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn. 2,250 of those units are to be priced at below-market rates.

Norman summarizes the project this way [on his site](https://atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com/2017/08/atlantic-yardspacific-park-graphic.html), where he has reported on the project at a daily pace [since 2005](https://atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com/p/about-norman-oder-this-blogclips.html):

*Atlantic Yards/Pacific Park is complicated, and it's changed a lot. Four of 15 (or 16) towers have been built (plus the Barclays Center). Four are under construction.*

*That's rather slow progress for a project announced in 2003, approved in 2006, and re-approved in 2009, though momentum is increasing, given that the under-construction towers should deliver 1,969 total apartments, 30% of them income-restricted, or "affordable."*

The project aims to be done by 2035. However, all the below-market units are to be completed by 2025, else the project developer faces monthly fines until completion.  

### Interactive Prototype

{% include post-components/interactive.html
	url = "https://bennkeel.github.io/final-project/site/index.html"
%}

[View the Repository](https://github.com/bennkeel/final-project)

### Project Process

Our partnership started when I consulted him on the strategy of my senior capstone project. At that point, the best illustration I could find of the below-market units to come was a 2014 graphic from the developer of the project, Greenland Forest City Partners (below). It's informative and accurate, but lacks context of the neighboring blocks and is hard to quickly analyze.
